Allow coinbase transparent inputs in coinbase transactions (#498)
zcash/zips: protocol/protocol.tex

        $\vBalance{Sapling}$,}\nufive{ minus $\vBalance{Orchard}$,} \MUSTNOT be greater than the value in
        \zatoshi of \minerSubsidy plus the \transactionFees paid by \transactions in this \block.
\notheartwood{

>   \item A \coinbaseTransaction \MUSTNOT have any \transparentInputs with previous outputs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item A \coinbaseTransaction \MUSTNOT have any \transparentInputs with non-null prevout fields,
```
modulo whatever rendering should be used for `prevout`.

        \joinSplitDescriptions\sapling{, \spendDescriptions, or \outputDescriptions}.
}
\notbeforeheartwood{

>   \item A \coinbaseTransaction \MUSTNOT have any \transparentInputs with previous outputs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item A \coinbaseTransaction \MUSTNOT have any \transparentInputs with non-null prevout fields,
```
